//list all implemented features (naming the main developer) and describing any changes since the design documentas well as all required steps for setup
Implemented Features:

Login Functionality (Developed by [Shooq Janahi 202001753])
Description: Allows users to log in to the app using their credentials.
Changes Since Design Document:
The format of the login text fields was simplified to basic ones, deviating from the initial complex design.
The color scheme was retained as black due to time constraints.

Registration Functionality (Developed by [Shooq Janahi 202001753])
Description: New users can register by entering their personal information in the provided fields.
Changes Since Design Document:
The registration text fields were changed to a basic format for simplicity.
The terms and conditions checkbox was replaced with a switch for ease of use, and this switch was placed at the bottom of the form for better UI flow.


Admin 
Shaikha Mohamed 202001432
View/Delete :
Description: user can view hospital and labs, also have the ability to delete a facility.
Changes Since Design Document: i removed in xcode since i did not need it, another change is i removed the search and sort. also the segmented control placement, i placed it in tab bar.

Add/Edit
Description: user can add facility and edit exsisting facility.
Changes Since Design Document:  one change is i added a segmented control to select the facility type. another change is the placement of the title. Another change is the placement of the image view it was at the end and now its at the top. 

Usename: admin
Password: admin123


Sara’s Part: Medical Packages
*View/Delete
-Description: User can view tests and packages, also have the ability to delete a service.
*Add/Edit  
-Description: user can add service and edit exsisting services.
-Changes Since Design Document: I modified the cell layout in the Services Table View Controller. Initially, according to the prototype, the price was supposed to be displayed on the left side, but in the actual implementation, I changed it so that the price is shown below the service name.

Nada’s Part:
-Description: Home page for patient to view all the facilities and their tests and packages. Also, a view page of the lab bookings.
-Changes Since Design Document: In the initial prototype, the Search screen for the patient was intended to include a segment with the options: All, Hospitals, Labs, Tests, and Packages. However, during the implementation, I made changes to the design. I decided to keep only the options All, Hospitals, and Labs in the main segment. When the user clicks on any facility, it will open a dedicated facility page that includes a segment with Tests and Packages specific to that facility. I believed this modification would result in a better implementation.